macro_stub/README.md, before:

# Macro Stub

A single executable that reuses the original stratagem macro behavior with command-line flags instead of per-stratagem binaries. It preserves the old timing defaults (500 ms cast window, Control held unless explicitly disabled) while letting callers pick any stratagem code at runtime.

## Quick start
Run the helper from a shell or from the future Stream Deck plugin:

```bash
macro_stub.exe --code saswd --cooldown 45
```

Examples:
- Arrow keys instead of WASD: `macro_stub.exe --code saswd --arrows`
- Skip holding Control: `macro_stub.exe --code saswd --no-ctrl`
- Emit a log line for debugging/telemetry: `macro_stub.exe --code saswd --log-json`

## Arguments
- `--code <CODE>` / `-c <CODE>` – Required WASD code to send (e.g., `saswd`).
- `--cooldown <SECONDS>` – Optional cooldown wait after sending the sequence. Omit it if the caller is tracking cooldowns elsewhere.
- `--arrows` – Send arrow keys instead of WASD.
- `--no-ctrl` – Skip the initial Control key hold/release that the legacy stubs performed by default.
- `--cast-time <MILLISECONDS>` – Total time budget for dispatching key presses (default: 500ms). The helper divides this window evenly across the control hold/release and each keypress.
- `--log-json` – Print a JSON payload describing the invocation (e.g., `{"code":"saswd","cooldown":45,"arrows":false,"ctrl":true,"cast_time_ms":500}`).

## Behavior parity with the archived per-stratagem stubs
- **Control key** – Held before the sequence and released after unless `--no-ctrl` is provided.
- **Timing** – Keeps the 500 ms cast window and evenly spaces down/up events just like the generated stubs. A short `--cast-time` is clamped to 1 ms slices so no key press is skipped.
- **Arrow mapping** – `--arrows` switches WASD to arrow keys (`W→Up`, `S→Down`, `A→Left`, `D→Right`, `C→Ctrl`).
- **Cooldown printing** – If `--cooldown` is set, the helper prints the wait message and sleeps for that duration before exiting, matching how each generated stub baked in its own cooldown.

## Assets
The compiled Windows binary can embed a neutral blank icon (`assets/blank.ico`) so it is visually distinct from the archived per-stratagem executables. The repository intentionally omits the icon file to avoid binary attachment issues; drop a suitable `.ico` at that path before building. If the file is missing, `build.rs` will warn and continue without embedding an icon.

Commit message:

Limit macro stub to Windows builds

macro_stub/README.md, after:

# Macro Stub

A single executable that reuses the original stratagem macro behavior with command-line flags instead of per-stratagem binaries. It preserves the old timing defaults (500 ms cast window, Control held unless explicitly disabled) while letting callers pick any stratagem code at runtime. The helper is intended for Windows/Wine builds; when invoked on other platforms it prints a notice instead of attempting to link native input libraries.

## Quick start
Run the helper from a shell or from the future Stream Deck plugin:

```bash
macro_stub.exe --code saswd --cooldown 45
```

Examples:
- Arrow keys instead of WASD: `macro_stub.exe --code saswd --arrows`
- Skip holding Control: `macro_stub.exe --code saswd --no-ctrl`
- Emit a log line for debugging/telemetry: `macro_stub.exe --code saswd --log-json`

## Arguments
- `--code <CODE>` / `-c <CODE>` – Required WASD code to send (e.g., `saswd`).
- `--cooldown <SECONDS>` – Optional cooldown wait after sending the sequence. Omit it if the caller is tracking cooldowns elsewhere.
- `--arrows` – Send arrow keys instead of WASD.
- `--no-ctrl` – Skip the initial Control key hold/release that the legacy stubs performed by default.
- `--cast-time <MILLISECONDS>` – Total time budget for dispatching key presses (default: 500ms). The helper divides this window evenly across the control hold/release and each keypress.
- `--log-json` – Print a JSON payload describing the invocation (e.g., `{"code":"saswd","cooldown":45,"arrows":false,"ctrl":true,"cast_time_ms":500}`).

## Behavior parity with the archived per-stratagem stubs
- **Control key** – Held before the sequence and released after unless `--no-ctrl` is provided.
- **Timing** – Keeps the 500 ms cast window and evenly spaces down/up events just like the generated stubs. A short `--cast-time` is clamped to 1 ms slices so no key press is skipped.
- **Arrow mapping** – `--arrows` switches WASD to arrow keys (`W→Up`, `S→Down`, `A→Left`, `D→Right`, `C→Ctrl`).
- **Cooldown printing** – If `--cooldown` is set, the helper prints the wait message and sleeps for that duration before exiting, matching how each generated stub baked in its own cooldown.

## Assets
The compiled Windows binary can embed a neutral blank icon (`assets/blank.ico`) so it is visually distinct from the archived per-stratagem executables. The repository intentionally omits the icon file to avoid binary attachment issues; when targeting Windows, the build script will generate `assets/blank.ico` from `../icons/blank.png` if it is absent. If generation fails, `build.rs` will warn and continue without embedding an icon.
